📝 Parameter and ParameterFrame documentation (#1542)
Fusion-Power-Plant-Framework/bluemira: documentation/source/base/parameter.rst

Parameters and ParameterFrames
------------------------------

:py:class:`Parameter` and :py:class:`ParameterFrame` are the means by which the physical
configuration of a ``bluemira`` analysis are setup.

Parameters
^^^^^^^^^^

> A :py:class:`Parameter` is a dataclass that wraps a value acting a container for metadata about the value. To create a :py:class:`Parameter` as a minimum the name, the value and a unit need to be provided but other information can be added:

Author: Covered

> A :py:class:`Parameter` is a dataclass that wraps a value acting a container for metadata about the value. To create a :py:class:`Parameter` as a minimum the name, the value and a unit need to be provided but other information can be added:

Author: covered

Parameters
^^^^^^^^^^

> A :py:class:`Parameter` is a class that wraps a value acting a container for metadata about the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A :py:class:`Parameter` object wraps a value and holds metadata relating to that value.
```

.. code-block:: pycon

    >>> from bluemira.base import ParameterFrame, ParameterMapping
    >>> param_dict = {
    ...     "R_0": {
    ...         "value": 9,
    ...         "unit": "cm",
    ...         "source": "Input",
    ...     },
    ...     "A": {
    ...         "value": 3.1,
    ...         "unit": "dimensionless",
    ...         "source": "Input",
    ...     },
    ... }
    >>> print(MyParameterFrame.from_dict(param_dict))
    ... ╒════════╤═════════╤═══════════════╤══════════╤═══════════════╤═════════════╕
    ... │ name   │   value │ unit          │ source   │ description   │ long_name   │
    ... ╞════════╪═════════╪═══════════════╪══════════╪═══════════════╪═════════════╡
    ... │ A      │     3.1 │ dimensionless │ Input    │ N/A           │ N/A         │
    ... ├────────┼─────────┼───────────────┼──────────┼───────────────┼─────────────┤
    ... │ R_0    │    0.09 │ m             │ Input    │ N/A           │ N/A         │
    ... ╘════════╧═════════╧═══════════════╧══════════╧═══════════════╧═════════════╛

Use :py:meth:`Parameter.value_as` to return parameter values in a non-standard unit

> Input values with units listed in :ref:`unit_convention` are not modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Input values with units not listed in :ref:`unit_convention` are not modified.
``

Reviewer: Actually, maybe we can do better here:

```suggestion
Input values with units not convertible to those listed in :ref:`unit_convention` are not modified.
```

Author: Discussed elsewhere
